gh-101961 fileinput.hookcompressed should not set the encoding value for the binary mode (#102068)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-02-21-10-05-33.gh-issue-101961.7e56jh.rst

> For the binary mode,  :func:`file input.hookcompressed` doesn't set the ``encoding`` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the binary mode, :func:`fileinput.hookcompressed` doesn't set the ``encoding`` value
```

> ``fileinput.hook_compressed`` doesn't set the given ``None`` ``encoding`` to
> ``locale`` if the given ``mode`` contains ``b``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the binary mode,  :func:`file input.hookcompressed` doesn't set the ``encoding`` value
even if the value is ``None``. Patch by Gihwan Kim.
```
